Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
[♪ theme music playing]
[warlord]
I think we can all agree
that things were better
under the Empire.
Fortunately. I am still here
to protect you.
Your communities can thrive
under my protection.
You are the lucky few.
But that which I provide
is expensive.
And now
I must maintain all of it
without the Empire's support
until the galaxy realizes
what they've lost
and demand our return.
Long live the Empire.
[all] Long live the Empire.
Good.
Now for the bad news.
I am raising your tribute.
[gasps]
But... [stammers]
But. Your Excellency.
we are operating at a loss.
The trade routes are plagued
with pirates and thieves.
ready to attack at--
[♪ theme music stops]
Are you saying
that my protection is lacking?
No. Your Excellency.
I-I am saying that. uh--
[spectator gasps]
Perhaps you should all go
back to your townships
and focus on solutions.
not excuses.
Does that sound reasonable?
[alarm blaring]
[static on comms]
[snowtrooper 1]
Sounds like a perimeter alarm.
-I'll confirm.
-[blaster fires]
-I've lost contact.
-Go check it.
[alarm blaring continues]
[warlord] There's
nothing to worry about.
-I'll send for reinforcements.
-[button clicks]
[warlord] I will require
a revenue projection...
-[siren wails]
-[alarm blaring]
-[whipcord launches]
-[grunts]
[blaster firing]
[snowtrooper 2 over comms]
We need backup. On the double!
[snowtrooper 3] Code Red.
Lay down cover fire.
[snowtrooper 3] Take up arms!
[button clicking rapidly]
[♪ tense music plays]
[spectator gasps]
Long live the Empire!
[device beeping]
[all gasp]
[♪ triumphant music plays]
[whirring]
[♪ gentle music plays]
[exclaims]
[mechanical stomping]
[machine whirring. clangs]
[device beeping]
[beeping accelerates]
What are you waiting for?
Hop on.
Hang on.
[screams]
[artillery firing]
Did we get him?
[pilot 1] Not yet. sir.
But we will.
-We missed him! He's under us.
-[commander] We have him.
Fire.
[The Mandalorian grunting]
[grunts]
[beeping]
What's going on?
Give me a status report.
Has the target
been eliminated?
-[pilot 2] We've lost contact.
-Walker Three is gone.
-[warlord] Send everybody!
-Understood.
Prepare to engage!
[alarm blaring]
Get ready. Weapons up.
Full barrel. Now. let's go.
[snowtroopers grunting]
[groaning]
[screaming]
[grunting. screaming]
[exclaims]
[warlord]
Give me a status update.
Did you see him?
Have you located him?
Did you get The Mandalorian?
[metal clangs]
Something's up there.
He's on the roof!
Can you see him?
Take him out!
Get up there.
But we're pilots.
-Go now! Do it!
-Yes. sir. On our way.
Get up there.
[warlord] Set the charges.
-Prepare for exfil.
-Sir.
He's breaching the hatch.
He's breaching the hatch!
[screams]
[grunts]
Autopilot.
[blaster firing]
[rapid beeping]
[♪ tense music plays]
[babbling frantically]
[rapid beeping continues]
[exclaims]
I know. I know.
I need to get the shot.
[Grogu groans]
[targeting system beeping]
[screams]
[ship engine approaching]
[The Mandalorian grunts]
You know. it's better
if you bring 'em in alive.
You okay?
[sneezes]
You see. you catch the bad guy
and they tell us
where the other bad guys are.
Things went a little sideways.
[engine accelerates]
[♪ theme music playing]
[no audible dialogue]
[♪ theme music ends]
[droid warbling]
Good luck.
You're gonna need it.
Messy. Very messy.
It was the best I could do
under the circumstances.
The problem is.
we need information.
Without it. we're never gonna
get to the bottom of
what the Empire's up to.
Just give me time.
I'll take out every bad guy
in your deck of cards.
This isn't about revenge.
It's about
preventing another war...
[Grogu groans]
...and protecting everything
the Rebellion fought for.
Does that mean I'm not
getting paid for this one?
You're getting paid all right.
Come with me.
[The Mandalorian] Impressive.
Where did you get
one of these?
It was from
a captured Imperial commandant
who had a big collection
of vintage vehicles.
This one is stock.
Perfectly restored.
I took it out for a test spin.
They did a nice job
on the rebuild.
[The Mandalorian]
This is worth a lot more than
the bounty on that Imp.
Well. let's call it an advance
on the next mission.
What next mission?
Commander Coin.
Our missing Ace of Staves.
No one knows
what he looks like
and most
believe him to be dead.
Not a lot to go on.
What's the play?
I want you to go to Nal Hutta
and meet with the Hutts.
They've agreed to
lead us to him.
What's in it for them?
Their nephew's being held
against his will
by another crime syndicate
on the Outer Rim.
and they need a professional
to get him out
quickly and quietly.
Where is he?
They'll only tell you
in person.
You got a name?
His name is Rotta the Hutt.
The only surviving heir
of crime lord Jabba the Hutt.
You ever cross his path?
I tried not to.
So...
do we have a deal?
I only hunt down
Imperial war criminals.
I don't work for gangsters
anymore. especially the Hutts.
That's right. you don't.
You work for us.
And right now. this is
what we need you to do.
You don't want the job.
I got nothing for you.
[Zeb] Come aboard.
May as well
have a look around.
Let's go hear the Hutts out.
I'll even let you fly
this time.
-I didn't say yes.
-[thudding]
[Zeb]
You didn't say no either.
-[thudding]
-[giggling. panting]
[♪ theme music playing]
She's stock. but she's clean.
[engine whirring]
[Grogu grunting]
[mechanism powers up]
-Hey.
-[babbling]
Don't touch anything.
Never touch the buttons.
[groans]
[♪ triumphant
theme music plays]
[engine accelerates]
[♪ gentle theme music plays]
[♪ ominous music plays]
[rapid beeping]
[switches clicking]
[robotic voice over comms]
Identify yourself.
Razor Crest.
requesting clearance.
I'm here
by invitation of the Twins.
Easy on the sticks.
They're expecting us.
We should be fine.
[robotic voice over comms]
Clearance granted.
You are clear to approach.
They've got
a lot of firepower here.
Yeah. Looks like
they hired the Droid Gotra.
The Hutts
take security seriously.
[♪ ominous music continues]
The Hutts have been the
head of criminal enterprises
for thousands of years.
-[speaks Huttese]
-[frantic chittering]
[The Mandalorian] They use
violence and treachery
to maintain control.
Be careful.
We may be their guests.
but we are not safe.
[device beeps]
[in Huttese]
We finally meet the legendary Mandalorian.
We are so glad you agreed to work for us.
You will be very rich.
[in English]
I don't work for you.
I work for the New Republic.
I'm told you can lead us
to the Imperial fugitive
Commander Coin.
[in Huttese] Of course. Mando.
[in English] I understand
your nephew. Rotta.
has been kidnapped.
[in Huttese]
Yes. our poor nephew has been taken.
He fell in with a bad crowd.
We are heartbroken.
[in English] Think of how you would feel
if your little one went missing.
[Grogu groans]
What does he look like?
Do you have an image?
[in Huttese] Ah. yes.
The only image we have is from long ago.
[device humming]
[Grogu babbles]
He's had a growth spurt since then.
[in English] Okay.
I'll rescue your nephew.
Where is he being held?
[in Huttese]
You will find him on the moon of Shakari.
[in English] It shall be done.
[engine accelerates]
We're about to
come out of hyperspace
in the Shakari system.
[through comms] To state
the obvious. you are operating
outside the jurisdiction
of the New Republic.
If things get messy. I can't
call in an X-wing strike.
I know the drill.
Before going into harm's way.
check your armor first.
It's gotta fit snug
so it doesn't slide.
but not so tight that it
restricts your movement.
Got it?
[babbles]
-How's that feel?
-[coos]
[♪ dramatic electronic
music playing]
All right. Zeb. drop us here.
[♪ dramatic electronic
music continues]
-[♪ music fades]
-[Grogu grunts]
Yes?
I'll take a flat-meat fry
for the little one.
Got it. Okay. got it. got it.
Flat-meat fry. huh?
-Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah.
-[strains]
[vendor mutters in Ardennian]
[chuckles] Whoa.
[in English] That's quite an
impressive denomination.
I'm not sure I've got
change for that.
[The Mandalorian]
You can keep the change.
I'm new to these parts.
I can use some information.
Yeah. for this price. I'll
tell you whatever you want.
I'm looking for a Hutt.
Shh. Don't mention that name.
Don't say that.
What. are you trying
to get us both killed?
Here. Keep your credits.
Food's on me.
Go away. Thank you.
Okay. never happened.
Let's go. Nothing to see here.
Damn Mandalorian.
talking like that.
Just out in the open.
he talks like... What is this?
No. no. no. No. no. no. no.
I don't want your credits.
'cause I didn't give you
any information.
His name is Rotta.
Really?
[laughing]
Something funny?
Yeah. yeah.
Everybody... [chuckles]
Everybody knows
Rotta the Hutt.
That guy's a monster.
[chuckles]
[crowd cheering. whistling]
[Rotta growling]
[roaring]
[both grunting]
[crowd cheers]
[strains]
[roars]
Rotta! Rotta! Rotta!
He doesn't seem like
a prisoner to me.
-[pit announcer] ...Rotta!
-[crowd cheering]
[crowd chanting]
[roars]
[mechanical buzzing]
[The Mandalorian
speaks Huttese]
Are you here to kill me?
[in English]
I'm here to rescue you.
What makes you think
I need rescuing?
Your aunt and uncle
hired me to find you.
[scoffs]
Yeah. I see. Well. thank you.
but I don't require rescuing.
Tomorrow's the last match
in my contract and after that.
my debt will be paid.
I'll be a free agent.
[crunches]
[exclaims excitedly]
Paid to who?
[whines]
Who's he?
-Don't stare.
-[babbles]
It's okay. What's your name?
-[exclaims]
-He doesn't talk.
Who do you have to pay?
Can I feed him?
[whining]
Sure.
Who do you have to pay?
[babbles. gulps]
Lord Janu.
I don't know the name.
You should.
He runs the Syndicate
on all the moons of Shakari.
He signed me to his stable.
He bankrolled
my board and training.
He keeps you in a cage.
He treats me well.
And after tomorrow night.
I'll be my own man.
And with the following
he got me as a promoter.
not only will my debt be paid.
but I'll be rich
by the solstice.
-[giggles]
-Grogu. heel!
Don't worry.
I'm not my father.
[crunching]
You know how hard it is
to be your own man
when your father is
Jabba the Hutt?
You see them
cheering for me out there?
For me.
It's the first time
I'm not living in his shadow.
That's why
I fight in the pits.
They feared him.
but they cheer for me.
So. no...
I don't need to be rescued.
[mechanical buzzing resumes]
Where can I find Lord Janu?
Thank you.
Closed for the night.
[Grogu babbles]
What the hell's he thinking?
Damn Mandalorians.
Mandalorians. they don't even
come from here.
He's going around. talking--
[shouts]
I just wanna know
where I can find Lord Janu.
Don't say that.
Do not say that name.
Stop saying it.
I recommend you calm down.
Just. please. please.
don't kill me. Don't kill me.
I've got... I've got
12 little ones at home.
smaller than him.
It's... They're smaller.
[sighs] Yeah. it's just...
[sighs]
I pay him protection. okay?
We all do.
I barely make a living.
to be honest.
-But at least I'm alive.
-Who collects for him?
I don't know.
Different people come in.
Sometimes they come here.
sometimes I do a drop myself.
-What do I know?
-Where?
-Where what?
-Where do you do the drops?
I don't... Some pla...
Sometimes.
I go down to... [stammers]
...different places.
Usually... Sometimes
I go to the salt bar
under Korvin Station.
And then there's
other places too. You go to...
You know. You know.
I go around.
[coin clinks]
No. I don't want it.
I don't want it.
I didn't give you
any information.
-I was just talking.
-That's not for information.
It's to cover his tab.
[crunches]
-[chittering. buzzing]
-[patrons chattering]
I'm looking for Lord Janu.
[chatter quiets]
Maybe you made a mistake.
Maybe you remember wrong
and think you know me.
Maybe you just walked through
the wrong door.
Well.
I'm not here to buy salt.
Salt?
We don't sell salt.
It's on the ration.
How much
for the shoulder candy?
[Grogu groans]
[chuckles]
Would look real pretty
in a cage.
I'm here to see Lord Janu.
I won't repeat myself again.
[device buzzes]
-[Grogu exclaims]
-[chittering]
[grunting]
-[grunts]
-[screeching]
[groans]
[grunting]
[armor clangs]
[shouts]
[helmet clangs]
[grunts]
[The Mandalorian
breathes heavily]
It seems you've
earned your salt today.
I'm Janu.
Come to the back
and pick out a crystal.
Hogsbreth.
have the boys clean up.
Make sure
I don't lose any pets.
[pets fluttering. chittering]
[chittering]
Here.
Choose one.
Salt is of no value to me
where I'm from.
But here
it's worth a small fortune.
because it's rationed
by the politicians.
Which makes it rare.
As are you. Mandalorian.
Have you ever considered
fighting in the pits?
I try to avoid violence.
'Course you do.
I do as well.
So what brings you to
this establishment
if you're not
in the market for salt?
I wanna buy out the contract
on a fighter from your stable.
Perhaps you would consider
joining my stable instead?
This buys a lot of salt
where I'm from.
I am offering you this
in exchange for the fighting
contract on Rotta the Hutt.
My dear boy.
there's no price high enough
to buy him out of
his last fights.
I've been grooming that
little prince for many cycles.
setting him up
for tomorrow's match.
[The Mandalorian]
Take the credits.
It's his last fight
for you anyway.
It's his last fight ever.
I've collected
the most deadly creatures
from across the galaxy.
He's fighting a Dejarik match?
Yes.
He will die tomorrow.
And a select few know it.
Here's my gift to you:
take those credits.
bet it all
on the death of the Hutt.
In exchange.
all I ask is that you
consider fighting in my pit.
The people of Shakari
would pay any price
to see the rarest of sights.
one of the legendary
Mandalorian warriors
engaging in blood sport.
This should more than cover
our little misunderstanding
out there.
All I ask
is that you consider my offer.
Could make us both very rich.
[pets fluttering. chittering]
[♪ dramatic electronic
music playing]
Looks like we're gonna have to
do this the hard way.
-[pit announcer speaking]
-[spectators cheering]
-[gladiator opponent grunts]
-[Rotta roars]
[snoring]
[device beeping]
[grunts]
[shushes]
What?
Janu's planning on
killing you.
I'm here to get you out.
[device continues beeping]
Tomorrow's my last fight.
I'll be free after I win.
The fix is in.
It's a Dejarik match.
He will keep
throwing opponents at you
until you die.
Why should I believe you?
You were sent by my aunt
and uncle who want me dead.
They want you back.
You're embarrassing them.
[Rotta] The Twins want me dead
because I'm heir
to the throne. not them.
But I don't want it.
I don't wanna be anything
like my father.
When I first started fighting.
the people all booed me.
They wanted to see me die
because I'm the son
of Jabba the Hutt.
Then I won
and became a champion
and they slowly
began to cheer.
They realized
I'm not my father.
I'm my own man.
and I'm not afraid to fight
for what I have.
To earn it.
To prove myself to everyone.
[The Mandalorian]
Kid. fighting's not a sport.
It's a last resort.
Now come with me
before things get ugly.
Guards. he's back!
[♪ tense music playing]
[gasps] Get out. Get out!
[coughing]
[groans]
[grunts]
[crowd cheering in distance]
[cheering intensifies]
Rotta! Rotta! Rotta!
[energy field powers down]
[electricity buzzes]
[crowd whistling and cheering]
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[announcer] Rotta!
[no audible dialogue]
[squawking]
[whimpers]
[grunts]
I don't want to fight you.
Then you're in for a long day!
-[Rotta shouting]
-[The Mandalorian grunting]
[grunting]
[chuckling] Yes!
[straining]
[grunts]
[growls]
-[Rotta shouts]
-[The Mandalorian grunts]
[shouts]
[sighs]
-I'm not going to kill you.
-[choking]
I'm here to rescue you.
[shouts]
-[Rotta grunts]
-[The Mandalorian groans]
[sighs]
[shouts]
[whimpers]
[groans]
[shouting]
[groans. grunts]
[chuckles]
[chanting]
Kill! Kill! Kill! Kill!
-Kill! Kill! Kill! Kill!
-[Grogu whimpers]
Kill! Kill! Kill! Kill!
-Kill! Kill! Kill...
-[weapons clatter]
I yield.
[spectators booing]
Rotta the Hutt has won.
Now you owe him his freedom.
[booing continues]
[echoing. through speakers]
Rotta the Hutt has won.
Now he is free...
to die!
[♪ perilous music playing]
[spectators cheering]
[energy field powers up]
[footsteps rumble]
[roars]
[bellows]
[electricity crackles]
-[shrieks]
-[electricity buzzes]
Our only chance
is to work together.
[chittering. hissing]
[warbling]
[growling]
[The Mandalorian grunts]
[grunts]
-[electricity crackles]
-[hisses]
[The Mandalorian groans]
[Rotta shouting]
-[Rotta shouting]
-[The Mandalorian grunts]
[The Mandalorian grunting]
[groans]
-[bellowing]
-[The Mandalorian grunts]
-[bellows]
-[grunts]
[laughing]
[warbling]
[roars]
[shrieks]
[The Mandalorian]
Watch out for the little one.
Yeah. I got this.
-[shouting]
-[electricity buzzes]
[shrieking]
[grunts]
[The Mandalorian grunts]
[grunting]
[Rotta shouts]
[shouting]
[The Mandalorian grunts]
[shouts]
[roars]
-[shrieks]
-[electricity crackles]
[Rotta shouting]
[shouts]
[energy barrier powers down]
[spectators exclaiming]
[alarm blaring]
[grunts]
We should go now.
Now!
[spectators screaming]
[screaming]
Are you good?
Don't worry. buddy.
We're getting out of here.
[whimpers]
[screaming]
[chokes. screams]
You were right.
The fix was in.
Let's get you out of here.
[warbling]
I'm gonna find us a ride.
[grunting]
[screams]
[babbles]
Sorry. Mando.
I can't go back.
[whirring and powering up]
[Grogu squeals]
[shrieks]
[Rotta shouts]
Zeb. I got a runner.
[gasps]
[screams]
[pedestrians screaming]
[Rotta groans]
Okay. you got me.
Can't blame a guy for trying.
[♪ calm music playing]
[The Mandalorian] We're about
to jump to hyperspace.
Where are you bringing me?
It's not safe
to keep you chained up.
If I unlock you.
can we agree
to no funny stuff?
Are you bringing me
to Nal Hutta?
This is an old ship.
Sometimes things
get a little bouncy.
My aunt and uncle
were scared of my father.
They've always
been cruel to me.
Now that they control
his criminal empire.
they need me eliminated.
You bring me to them.
I'm a dead man.
You don't know that.
[Rotta] If you let me go.
you'll never
hear from me again.
It's a big galaxy.
I can disappear.
Sorry. kid.
I was hired to do a job.
I don't know how
you sleep at night.
working for those monsters.
I don't work for them.
I work for the New Republic.
They hired me. not the Twins.
When I bring you back.
they're giving me
the whereabouts
of Commander Coin.
a high-ranking ex-Imperial
operating on the Outer Rim.
[Rotta] It's Janu.
The man you're looking for
is Janu.
Lord Janu Coin.
That's who the Hutts
are gonna give you.
He's ex-Imperial.
That can't be.
The Twins would've told me.
[Rotta] I saw stormtroopers.
He brought me
to his estate once
to celebrate a big win
and there were
stormtroopers everywhere.
If you don't believe me
and you don't get him now.
you won't get another shot.
In fact.
it might already be too late.
That's quite a story.
Why should I believe you?
You're a bounty hunter.
you know when someone's lying.
Am I lying...
or am I telling the truth?
[Rotta] That's it.
That's Janu Coin's compound.
[Zeb] Could be big boy's
telling the truth.
The place is lousy
with stormtroopers.
[The Mandalorian]
How many did you see
when you were in there?
[Rotta] A lot.
[Grogu babbles]
You're gonna need
a lot of backup
if you're actually
thinking of going in.
Uh-huh.
[Janu Coin] Get word
to all our foot soldiers
on the dark side of Shakari.
I want eyes on the starport
and all the freight lanes.
Lean on the mayor.
Nothing takes off
or lands until we find them.
Muster
my personal security forces.
We're going to hit the streets
in full armor.
I don't want to
take any chances
when it comes to
The Mandalorian.
I've heard many things
about those monsters.
[The Mandalorian]
It's all true.
Imperial Commander Janu Coin.
I'm here on behalf
of the New Republic
to bring you to justice.
I'm afraid we're outside
of your jurisdiction.
Take him!
[♪ dramatic music playing]
-Set blasters on full.
-Hurry!
[grunting. shouts]
[grunts]
-[grunts]
-[screams]
[Hogsbreth shouts]
[Hogsbreth grunts]
[shouts]
[choking]
[both straining]
-[Hogsbreth shouts]
-[grunting]
[shouts]
[groans]
-[grunting]
-[choking]
[screams]
I can bring you in warm...
or I can bring you in cold.
[♪ adventurous music playing]
[Zeb grunting]
[Janu Coin shouts]
[Rotta. Grogu snoring]
[The Mandalorian over comms]
Grogu.
[♪ peaceful music playing]
[The Mandalorian] Rotta.
Rotta. come in.
Does anyone read me?
-[babbles]
-[thuds]
I'm up. I'm up.
[The Mandalorian] I need you
to fire up the drives.
Fire up the drives.
-We have company.
-Received.
I don't know how to fly.
Do you know how to fly?
Neither of us know how to fly.
and I can't even
fit in the cockpit.
Grogu. I need you to go
to the control panel.
Remember the buttons
I told you never to touch?
I'm gonna need you
to touch them.
Look for
the ignition relay cutoff.
It's next to
the fuel differential readout.
which is between
the pump compression gauge
and the primary
reserve indic--
[missile whooshes]
-[Janu Coin grunts]
-[Zeb] Whoa.
No. Don't touch
the missile battery switch.
That's why there's
a safety guard on it.
Do you see
the fuel readout display?
Remember
I showed you that one?
It's on the other side
of the manual control
surface calibration un--
[missile whooshes]
I don't think
he knows what he's doing.
[screams]
Get out.
[grunting]
Get going.
They're shooting at you too.
[whimpers]
[shouts]
Good job. buddy. Strap in.
-[grunts. shouts]
-[stormtroopers scream]
[panting]
I like this kid.
Come on. Come on.
Get us out of atmosphere
and jump!
Get up here.
I need you to bypass
the exhaust restrictors.
[groans] This old junker's
gonna get us killed.
I need more power.
Disable the safety panel
so I can override the limiter.
How? I'm a pilot.
not a meknek.
Just rip out
the whole brain board.
[groaning]
[systems power down]
[alarm blares]
Everything okay up there?
Perfect.
[whimpers]
I told you to strap in.
Always wear your seat belt.
[both shout]
[Zeb groans]
Take it easy up there!
There we go.
[giggles]
[targeting system beeping]
[Janu Coin clears throat]
[chattering]
[chattering stops]
That doesn't look like a Hutt.
This is Imperial Commander
Janu Coin.
He's full of information and
ready to sing like a Yuzzum.
Isn't that right. Coin?
I demand
an attorney be present
if I'm to be questioned.
You see?
He's full of secrets.
You were supposed
to bring back Rotta.
We had an arrangement
with the Twins.
This is your Ace of Staves.
This is who they were
going to lead you to.
And then tip him off.
sell you out and collect
credits from both sides.
Take him away.
Intelligence
has been cultivating
a relationship with the Hutts
for a very long time.
and you crossed them.
The Twins can hold a grudge.
I made a call.
I got you the big prize.
The Twins can rot in hell.
Well. you missed out
on them paying you
a big bounty for their nephew.
Hmm...
So be it.
Well. I'll see if
I can hit up Command
for a fee
for the capture of Coin.
Don't worry about it.
It's on me.
This one got messy.
I'm taking a break.
I understand.
Mando.
Good job.
[Grogu giggling. babbling]
[Rotta chuckles]
[♪ uplifting music plays]
[♪ ominous music plays]
[♪ music stops]
[The Mandalorian] We're gonna
pull the restrictor plates.
The first one should be
just past the return line.
That's it.
-There should be three more.
-[vehicle approaches]
[heads-up display beeping]
Okay. okay. Okey-doke.
[♪ whimsical music plays]
[Anzellan 1] Okay. okay.
Thanks for coming.
No problem.
I'm looking to make some
performance modifications.
I need to cut out
dead weight for speed.
[exclaims. chuckles]
Pull out anything
that doesn't make her go.
[The Mandalorian] Hey!
-[chattering]
-[The Mandalorian] Hey. Hey.
No. don't touch me!
-Heel.
-[Grogu groans]
-The horrible baby.
-The bad baby.
-Stay.
-[sighs]
[The Mandalorian]
I purged the fuel lines.
I wanna remove
all the restrictors
and unplug the exhaust.
-Got it. Yeah. yeah.
-No problem. Yeah. I got it.
-No problem.
-Yeah. Okey-doke.
You wanna go help them?
Do you promise to play nice?
[exclaims]
All right. Go.
[giggles]
[speaking Anzellan]
[Rotta] Don't worry about him.
Little guy's gonna be okay.
[crunches]
Sorry. I found these
in your kitchen.
[Rotta chewing]
I was alone
when I was his age.
I had to fend for myself.
He's lucky he has you.
Well. you didn't
turn out half bad.
Mmm. Life's messy.
but we do the best we can.
Listen. I called a gunrunner
who agreed to take you
out of the system.
We both know the Twins
will be looking for you.
so you best keep moving.
[♪ gentle music playing]
Thank you. Mando.
It was a fair trade.
Make sure you lay low.
I don't wanna see your name
on my list again.
You have my word.
All right. you take care
of yourself. little guy.
And keep an eye on
your old man. too. all right?
Here you go.
Hang on to these for me.
[♪ triumphant music playing]
[crunches]
[exclaims. babbles]
Let's save the rest of these
for after dinner.
[scoffs. chews]
-[insects chirping]
-[thunder rumbles]
[blurrg bellows]
[blurrg groans]
[heads-up display beeps.
whirs]
[snoring]
-[The Mandalorian] Wake up.
-[Grogu breathes heavily]
Oh. What? Uh.
-[The Mandalorian] Wake up.
-What's going on?
There's someone out there.
[Anzellan 1]
I'll be awake in the morning.
[The Mandalorian]
Quiet. Get under the floor.
[button beeps]
[thunderclap]
-[shutter closes]
-[Grogu grunts]
Wait here.
If I signal. get out.
[heads-up display beeps.
whirs]
[Anzellan 1 gasping]
-[metal clangs]
-Shh. Shh. Shh.
[device beeping]
[Grogu panting]
[device whirs]
[The Mandalorian groans]
[♪ tense music plays]
[panting]
[growling]
[screaming]
[grunts. groans]
-[screaming]
-Help! It got me! It got me!
[Embo whistles]
Keibu. [speaks Kyuzo]
[♪ mysterious music playing]
[engine revs]
[in Huttese] Did you get the Mandalorian?
[speaks Huttese]
[Hutt sister]
Very good. Bring him to Nal Hutta.
[Grogu babbles]
Help me! Help!
[groans]
[groaning]
[sighs]
[breathing heavily]
[groans. sighs]
-[grunting]
-[Keibu growling]
[panting] Ow.
[exclaims] Ow. ow. ow.
Let him go.
[rumbling]
Hey. you hungry?
You want a treat?
Here you go.
-Good girl.
-[snarls]
Come on. Come on!
[whimpering. panting] Uh-oh.
Oh. [straining]
-[growls]
-[Anzellan 1 screaming]
[panting]
[barks. snarls]
[machine whirring]
[♪ mysterious music playing]
Uh-oh.
Who hired you?
Was it the Hutts?
Well. if it was the Hutts.
I'd make sure they're
paying you what you're worth.
But I'm guessing a Kyuzo
is smart enough
to get their money up-front--
[groaning]
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[engine starting up]
[devices beeping]
[♪ ominous music playing]
[exclaims]
Nal Hutta.
The Hutts are there.
I don't like it.
[screeching]
Oh! Wow! Oh. I'm coming.
[Anzellan 2]
Kid. don't be scared.
Don't be scared.
It's okay. yeah.
Come on. let's go.
-[rustling]
-Oh...
[footsteps approaching]
Oh! Hello!
It's me. it's me! You're here.
You came for me! You found me!
[Anzellan 2]
Oh. we thought you were dead.
Mandalorian. he saved me.
Big guy. He's inside there.
Yeah. we got to go
and find him
and bring him home
for the baby.
The big thing. The big dog.
The big dog. The big...
Oh. oh. It picked me up...
Mando is in there.
In the palace.
Come on. Up. up. up. up.
Come on. baby. You can do it.
Big pipe. huh?
[roars]
Good shot. baby.
[♪ ominous music plays]
[Keibu pants. growls]
[metal clangs]
[The Mandalorian grunts]
[in Huttese] Pay the hunter.
[footsteps clanging]
[in English]
You broke our agreement.
Now you must pay.
[in Huttese] Bring me his helmet.
[air hisses]
[♪ pensive music plays]
[in English]
Mandalorian steel.
Priceless on the black market.
But worth even more is knowing
we have shamed you forever.
[Hutt brother]
We know the Mandalorian Creed.
You will be outcast
for letting an enemy see
your face.
Not if you all die.
[chuckles]
It will bring us ecstasy
to watch
your strong spirit break.
[electricity zaps]
-[electricity zaps. buzzing]
-[groaning]
Monsters.
[Hutt brother]
You did this to him.
Rotta would have
died painlessly.
but you betrayed us.
Now he will suffer
for centuries.
You see. Hutts live for
hundreds of years.
Just like
your small. green child.
One day you will die.
and Grogu will be without you
to protect him.
And then.
it will be his turn to suffer.
-[mechanism whirs]
-[grunts]
[♪ tense music plays]
[muffled grunting]
[gasps. breathing heavily]
[Hutt sister laughs]
[laughing]
[water stirs]
[♪ tense music playing]
[grunts]
[coughing. gasping]
[grunting]
[grunts. gasps]
[hisses]
[grunts. strains]
[♪ music stops]
[♪ tense music plays]
[breathes shakily]
-[roars]
-[grunting]
[grunts]
[grunting]
[♪ dramatic music plays]
-[growling]
-[grunts]
-[grunting]
-[screeches]
[straining. grunts]
-[shouts]
-[roars]
[grunts]
[growling. groans]
[groans]
[Hutt brother. in Huttese]
You have entertained us.
Here is your reward.
[helmet clanging]
[water sloshing]
-[hissing]
-[♪ dramatic music plays]
[inhales sharply]
[roaring]
[grunts]
-[growls]
-[grunts]
[breathes heavily]
[grunts]
[muffled grunting]
[gasps]
-[roars]
-[grunts]
[grunts]
[grunts. panting]
[gasps]
[roars]
[gasps. grunts]
[♪ dramatic music continues]
[grunts]
Uh-oh. Which way?
[roaring in distance]
[growls]
[shouting]
-[screeches]
-[grunts]
[grunts]
[gasps]
[coughing. gasping]
[straining]
[grunts]
-[grunts]
-[crunches]
-[screeches]
-[grunts]
[roars]
[screeches]
[groans]
[Hutts laughing]
[Hutt brother. in Huttese] Even if
you win. you will die from the poison.
[panting]
[screeches]
[♪ dramatic music continues]
[device beeping]
Dank farrik.
Get out! Go!
Come on. go! Go. go!
[grunts]
[screeches]
[screaming]
[The Mandalorian grunts]
-Oh. yeah!
-Wow!
-[screaming]
-Wait. Wait.
[screams]
[splashes]
[♪ dramatic music continues]
[coughs]
[♪ triumphant music plays]
-You okay?
-[sputters]
[muffled grunting]
[coughing. panting]
-How did you get here?
-We got a ship.
That way. Let's go!
[in Huttese] Send the droids!
Release the Amani! Don't let him escape!
[droid chatters]
[metal clanging. creaking]
[panting]
This way. This way. yeah.
[droid chatter]
[speaks Kyuzo]
This way!
[♪ music stops]
Up. up. up. up. going up!
I don't want to fall.
I don't want to.
Go!
Yeah. Okay. okay. Yeah.
Let's go.
[footsteps pattering]
[♪ melancholy music plays]
[babbles]
Go. kid.
I can't fit in that thing.
but you have to leave.
[grunting]
Don't worry.
I'll be right behind you.
[babbles]
[STAP whirring]
Go now. I'll hold them off.
[Anzellan 2] We'll come back
for you. Mando.
Come on. baby.
Don't worry. We'll be back.
Yeah. let's go. Let's go.
Come on. baby.
[panting]
[STAP whirring]
[droid grunts]
[grunts]
[The Mandalorian grunts]
[♪ melancholy music continues]
[droids shouting]
[droid grunts]
[droids grunting]
[The Mandalorian panting]
-[shouts]
-[The Mandalorian grunts]
[grunts]
[grunting]
[both grunting]
[straining]
-[grunts]
-[electricity crackles]
[panting]
[grunting]
[ship whooshes]
[The Mandalorian]
Goodbye. kid.
[breathes heavily]
[grunts]
[breathes heavily. grunts]
[grunting]
[breathing heavily]
-[insects chittering]
-[♪ eerie music playing]
[chewing. swallows]
-[babbles]
-[♪ gentle music plays]
[The Mandalorian
breathing heavily]
[coos]
[Force rumbling]
[grunts]
[wheezing]
[whimpers]
No life force detected.
[gasps]
[strains. grunts]
[droids chattering]
[♪ gentle music plays]
[animals chittering]
[exclaims]
[hissing]
[swallows]
[slurps]
[sighs]
[dirt shuffling]
[grunting]
[♪ gentle music continues]
[Force rumbling]
[helmet clanks]
[♪ music stops]
-[Force rumbles]
-[helmet clanks]
[babbles]
[♪ dramatic music plays]
[grunts]
[♪ peaceful music plays]
[gurgles]
[grunting]
[♪ mysterious music plays]
[rocking chair creaks]
[pants]
[♪ gentle music plays]
[chewing]
[The Mandalorian
breathes heavily]
[cooing. grunts]
[fisherman snoring]
[Grogu squeals]
-[Grogu yelps]
-[retches]
[groans]
[♪ mysterious music plays]
Methinks you are
the one who stole my fish.
[grunting]
[chewing]
I'm guessing
you're not from around here.
A morsel like you
should be more careful.
You look to be the bottom
of the Nal Hutta food chain.
I'm surprised
you haven't found your way
to the Hutts' supper table.
[coos]
You've heard of the Hutts.
have you?
Are you scared?
You should be.
They would swallow you whole
given half a chance.
[swallows]
[twigs snapping]
Make yourself scarce.
[grunts]
[♪ ominous music plays]
[breathes shakily]
-[Embo speaks Kyuzo]
-[♪ tense music plays]
[breathes shakily]
[fisherman] Uh-huh.
[speaks Kyuzo]
[Grogu breathes shakily]
[sniffing]
[gasps]
[Embo continues
speaking Kyuzo]
[sniffing. growling]
-[growling]
-[breathing shakily]
[growling]
[♪ ominous music plays]
[sniffing]
[in English] Hey.
Get away from my fish.
[growls]
Keibu.
[Grogu sighs]
The hunter says
you have a partner.
Says you two
escaped the Twins.
Well. that's impressive.
[grunts]
Says your partner's
hurt real bad.
Bit by a dragonsnake.
Poisoned.
I want you
to feed this to him.
Now. you should know.
this might be too little.
too late.
and there's a good chance
he doesn't wake up.
Either way.
best thing you can do
right now
is make him comfortable.
There comes a time where
we all have to say goodbye.
[cooing]
I wish you luck.
small traveler.
[pants. grunts]
[♪ gentle music plays]
[The Mandalorian
breathing heavily]
[Grogu babbles]
[breathing heavily]
[grunts]
[♪ gentle music plays]
Hey. kiddo.
[babbles]
The old protect the young.
and then the young
protect the old.
This is the Way.
Now how do we
get off this planet?
That's the gunrunner
that was carrying Rotta.
[♪ suspenseful music plays]
[growls. grunts]
-[grunting]
-[growling. grunting]
-[snarls]
-[grunts]
[exclaims. grunting]
[grunts]
[breathing heavily]
[switch clicks]
[babbles]
[coos]
[machinery hums]
Well. kid. the way I see it
we got two choices.
We can use this ship.
Get off world.
That might buy us some time.
A little bit of peace.
But the Hutts
will keep coming for us.
Just like they came for Rotta.
[coos]
So. do we run?
[grunts]
Or do we fight?
[♪ dramatic music plays]
[♪ dramatic music continues]
[snoring]
[alarm blaring]
-[groans]
-Huh? [groans]
[in Huttese] Repel the intruders!
[in English] Roger. roger!
[in Huttese] Protect the palace!
Affirmative.
Follow my lead.
Fire!
[Grogu exclaims]
Come on. Come on.
[engine sputtering]
On me.
[♪ heroic music plays]
[device beeping]
Fall back!
[groans]
[machinery whirring. beeping]
[shouts. grunts]
[exclaims]
[♪ tense music plays]
[grunting]
[grunts]
[device beeping]
[groans]
[grunts]
[babbles]
[devices beeping]
[grunts]
[electricity crackling]
[metal creaking]
[electricity crackles]
[babbles]
[♪ gentle music plays]
[speaks Huttese]
[Hutt Sister speaks Huttese]
[in Huttese] Wait! We know much.
Go help Rotta.
[Hutt Brother speaks Huttese]
-[Hutt Brother speaks Huttese]
-[Hutt Sister speaks Huttese]
[speaks Huttese]
You saw my face.
[in Huttese] Stop!
[Hutt Sister gasping]
Now it's time to die.
[grunts]
[♪ majestic music plays]
[machinery powers down]
[sighs]
[♪ tense music plays]
[Embo grunts]
[both grunting]
[The Mandalorian shouts]
[Embo grunting]
[both grunt]
[Grogu exclaims. groans]
[Hutt Brother growls]
[grunts]
-[whimpers]
-[slurps]
[growls]
[in English] Leave him alone!
[groans]
[both grunting. roaring]
[grunts]
[weapon clatters]
[grunts. pants]
[in Huttese]
You don't have Jabba to protect you.
I'm not little anymore!
[all grunting]
[snarls]
[growls]
[Embo grunts]
[The Mandalorian grunts]
[growling]
[snarls]
[Force rumbling]
[both grunting]
[Rotta shouts]
[♪ gentle music plays]
[Keibu snoring]
[both grunting]
[grunts]
[Embo grunts]
[snarls]
[Hutt Brother. Rotta grunting]
[in Huttese] Stop! You'll kill us all!
[Hutts yell]
[Force rumbling]
[♪ uplifting music plays]
[gasps]
[both groaning]
[roars]
[in Huttese] Save us. bounty hunter!
Keibu. [speaks Kyuzo]
[in Huttese] Save us!
[Hutt Brother speaks Huttese]
[Hutt Brother exclaims]
-[screams]
-[Hutt brother groaning]
[groans]
[screams]
[metal banging]
[♪ tense music plays]
[banging continues]
We don't have much time.
We have to get out of here.
Is there another way out?
-I think it's that way.
-Go. Go!
Target sighted.
[droid yells]
[static on comms]
Hello?
[Anzellan 1 through comms]
Mando! We came back.
-What?
-We came back.
We told you we would.
[♪ hopeful music plays]
[Ward] Adelphi Squadron.
entering atmosphere.
-What's your status. Mando?
-We're under attack.
There are too many.
Fire everything you have
at my location.
-[Ward] Your location?
-Yes. my location.
I can't give that order.
Don't worry...
we'll be out of here
by the time you do.
Good luck.
[X-wing engines screeching]
Blue Leader to squadron.
assume defensive formation.
prepare to engage.
All weapons hot.
Copy that.
[droid chatter]
Enemy fighters approaching.
[♪ heroic music plays]
Here they come.
[Rotta grunting]
[Rotta roars]
[droid beeps]
[chuckles]
Turbolasers. up ahead.
Got it.
I've got one on my tail.
I got you.
[squeaks]
-[cheers]
-Yippee! Yay!
Taking out the launch tubes.
Blue Leader to Red Jammer.
mark it and lock it in.
Locking in target.
It's a dead end.
We're trapped.
Stand back.
[Ward through comms]
We're closing fast.
Repeat. we're closing fast.
You better be
out of there. Mando.
[The Mandalorian] Jump.
[Rotta]
That's a long way down.
Closing on target.
-[The Mandalorian] Gotta jump.
-[Rotta] Moat's not that deep.
It's a bomber. Jump.
Let's light up this swamp.
[yelling]
[pilot]
Anybody got eyes on Mando?
There they are.
[♪ uplifting music plays]
Zeb. go collect the trash.
I'm getting a little tired
of these hot extractions.
-What took you so long?
-[Grogu babbles]
[chuckles]
Hop in.
Let's head home.
[♪ triumphant music plays]
Colonel.
Messy.
Very messy.
Why'd you come for me?
That wasn't part
of the mission.
You were right.
Coin told us everything.
The Twins were playing us.
Feeding information
to the Empire all along.
They picked a side.
It wasn't ours.
Besides.
we don't leave our own behind.
I'm an independent contractor.
Sure. Mando. Sure you are.
[Grogu exclaims]
Can I give you a ride
somewhere?
Actually. I was thinking
I could stay here.
Maybe work
for the New Republic.
Don't take this
the wrong way. but...
I'm not sure you would fit in.
You know... [grunts]
...I might have
a uniform that would fit him.
Come on.
let me buy you a drink.
Thank you. Mando.
I owe you big time.
Just doing my job.
And keep an eye on him.
Your dad's
one of the good ones.
[coos]
[Anzellans chattering
indistinctly]
Come on. big guy.
[Anzellan 2] Watch your step.
First round's on me.
[♪ wistful music plays]
Hey. kid. Come up here.
[coos]
[grunts]
[The Mandalorian] Your turn.
Go ahead.
[♪ epic music plays]
[♪ "The Mandalorian"
theme plays]
[♪ electronic music plays]
[♪ ominous music plays]
[♪ gentle music plays]
[♪ dramatic music plays]
[♪ dramatic music continues]
[♪ guitar version of
"The Mandalorian" theme plays]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm